The Tropical Cyclone Advisory (TCA) element in PGEN.

The TCA element is a new addition to PGEN to support the TPC's
Tropical Storm and Hurricane forecasts.  The TCA is the graphical
interface to the generation of the Tropical Cyclone Watch/Warning
graphic (formerly the Kelly graphic).

To create a TCA element in PGEN follow these steps:

   a.  Start NMAP2, and click on the product generation icon; the 
       PGEN palette pops up. 
	       
   b.  In the PGEN palette, click on 'MET' in the 'Classes' panel 
       and then click on 'TCA' in the 'Objects' panel; the TCA 
       attributes edit dialog pops up.

   c.  Create new TCA elements: 

       In the 'TCA Attributes' dialog, give all information in the 
       top panel and select severity and advisory type.  

       In the middle panel click on the 'New Segment' button and 
       move the mouse into the main NMAP window.  The break point 
       label drag box should appear with the name of the nearest 
       break point to the current cursor location. 

       A left mouse click will select an individual break point and 
       put it in the middle panel of the TCA attributes window.  A
       second left mouse click will select the second point of the
       segment.  Once the second break point is identified, a new 
       segment will be put in the list box in the bottom panel. 

       To edit a TCA element in PGEN follow these steps:

           1.  In PGEN in the select function, click on an existing TCA
	       element.  The breakpoints of the segments of this TCA will be
	       marked with open blue circles and the attributes of the TCA
	       will be loaded into the TCA attribute window.

           2.  To change any items of the TCA attributes in the top panel
	       (including Storm Type, Advisory Number, etc), make the desired 
	       changes and click the Apply button.

           3.  To change the attributes of a segment follow these steps:

               Click on the desired segment in the list at the bottom of 
    	       the window.  This will highlight that segment within the
	       list (i.e. invert the colors).  This will place that 
	       segment's information in the middle panel of the attributes 
	       window.  Also the markers for that segment's breakpoints 
	       will change from the open, blue circles to filled, white 
	       circles.  All other segments of the TCA will remain 
	       unchanged.

	       Make the desired changes to the middle panel of the 
	       attributes window (i.e. change Advisory Type or Severity).
	       Click on the Apply button. 

	   4.  To change the breakpoints of a segment follow these steps:

	       Click on the desired segment in the list at the bottom of 
	       the window.  This will highlight that segment within the
	       list (i.e. invert the colors).  This will place that 
	       segment's information in the middle panel of the attributes 
	       window.  Also the markers for that segment's breakpoints 
	       will change from the open, blue circles to filled, white 
	       circles.  All other segments of the TCA will remain 
	       unchanged.

	       Left click on one of the breakpoints with the white 
	       circles.  The breakpoint will turn red and the breakpoint
	       drag box will appear again.  The drag box will contain the
	       name of the nearest breakpoint to the cursor location.  The
	       next left click will select a new breakpoint, and a middle
	       mouse click will cancel the operation without making a change
	       to the segment's  breakpoints.

 	   5.  To add a new segment to an existing TCA element, click on
	       the New Segment button and select the two breakpoints using
	       left mouse clicks.


	   
