I.  Product Generation Changes

    A.  NMAP2 Product Generation Improvements

	2.  The product generation palette column control mechanism has been
            made accessible to sites in order to support local customization.
            A new setting, named PGEN_ICON_NCOLUMN, has been added to
            $GEMTBL/config/prefs.tbl.  This controls the number of columns in
            which the PGEN palette is displayed.

            The default setting for PGEN_ICON_NCOLUMN is 3, meaning no change
            from the previous display configuration.  However, changing this
            value to 4 will enable a four column display.  Sites wishing to
            move to a 4 column display may wish to use the new btn.tbl files
            which have been optimized for 4 column displays.  In $GEMTBL/pgen
            there are many button files (i.e. funcbtn.tbl, linebtn.tbl, etc.).
            These files control the order in which buttons are positioned on
            the palette.  In order to use any of the 4 column files, rename the
            file with a _4 suffix (e.g. cp funcbtn_4.tbl funcbtn.tbl).

            Also a blank button has been added.  This is a simple
            non-functioning place holder which can be used to space buttons out
            on a customized pgen palette.  In order to generate blank button
            insert "blank" in the desired *btn.tbl file.

        3.  It is now possible to change line/front types when in multi-select.
            The ability to change line/front types within select has been
            available for many years (select a line/front, click on another
            line/front button on the PGEN palette and the type changes).  This
            functionality has now been added to multi-select.

            To use this feature draw several lines or fronts.  Click on multi-
            select and select more than one line/front.  Now click on a
            different line/front button on the PGEN palette.  All selected
            lines/fronts will change type to match that chosen on the palette.


        4.  Allow the use of "drag" and "shift-click" selection for the List 
 	    element.

	    A new area selection mechanism has been added to the List element.
	    When drawing or editing a list, the list components (i.e. counties, 
	    zones, etc.) can be identified by a temporary, rectangular "drag" 
	    box or by drawing a temporary, closed figure using the "shift-click" 
	    method.  Selection by single mouse-click is still available as well.  

	    The behavior of a list with respect to the list components within the 
	    identified area is controled in new panel in the list attribute 
	    window.  Components may be toggled (if they are not currently 
	    included in the list they are added, if they are in the list they 
	    are removed), which is the way the single click select has always 
	    worked.  List components may also be added or deleted.

	    To select list components with the "drag" box, click on the List 
	    Class on the PGEN palette and then one of the List Objects (i.e. 
	    County).  Now click and hold button 1.  Move the mouse and you will 
	    see a temporary, white rectangle drawn from the site of the first 
	    click to the current mouse cursor location.  Drag the mouse to 
	    define the desired rectangle.  When button 1 is released, all the 
	    list components within the drag box will be identifed and action 
	    (toggle, add, or delete) will be taken on them and the list will be 
	    updated accordingly.

	    To select list components with the "shift-click" method, click on
	    the List Class and then on one of the List Objects (i.e. County).
	    Press and hold the shift key on the keyboard and click once with 
	    the left mouse button (once the mouse button is pressed you may
	    release the shift key).  Move the mouse and you should see a 
	    temporary, white line drawn from the site of the first mouse click 
	    to the current mouse cursor location.  Click again with the left 
	    mouse button to identify other points on the closed figure.  When 
	    you have defined the desired area, click on the middle mouse button.  
	    This completes the figure.  All the list components within the 
	    temporary figure will be identified and the appropriate action 
	    (toggle, add, or delete) will be applied to them and the list 
	    updated accordingly.


        5.  Use Delete key to delete PGEN elements.

	    The delete key can now be used to delete selected elements.  This
	    works in both select and multi-select modes.  This is a keyboard 
            shortcut that functions the same as the Delete Action on the 
	    palette.  It can be undone using the Undo Action button.
	   

	6.  Change Save/Save As/Save All behavior to be more consistent.

	    When the input and output file names are both specified in an
	    lp file, the first Save will now always copy the contents of each
	    layer to the named output file.  In the past each layer was only
	    saved to the output file if changes had been made.

	    Also, when a file is appended the specified output file name is
	    remembered, so a Save (or Save All) will result in a Save action
	    and not a Save As -- the user will not see a dialog box to 
	    confirm the output file name.

	   
