Tropical Cyclone Graphics and Products Changes

  Enhance breakpoint selection interface

    Breakpoints selection for non-special geographies (meaning standard
    breakpoint pairs, not islands and water) can now be either from the 
    official breakpoints or from official and supplemental points.  The 
    "Breakpoint Type" menu is used to make this selection.  By selecting 
    "Official" only the official breakpoints can be selected.  By selecting 
    "All" the user can choose from both official and supplemental breakpoints.

    Special geographies are now functional.  These include islands and bodies
    of water.  In order to use either of these categories, click on the TCA
    icon on the palette to start the TCA window.  Select "Islands" or "Water"
    in the Special Geography menu.  Now click on New Segment.  The displayed
    breakpoints will correspond to the selected geography.  Use the left mouse
    button to select points for the segment.  The left mouse button is used
    to both select new points and switch off those points that are already
    selected (toggle action).  To complete the segment click on the middle 
    mouse button.  When you do so, the segment will be displayed in the
    TCA window as either ISLANDS_# or WATER_#.  The # is just a sequentially
    assigned number (that has no other meaning).  This is used to identify 
    the group of points, since the special geography segment may contain more 
    than two breakpoints.
    
    Multiple selection of special geography points is also available.  After 
    clicking on New Segment, click and hold mouse button 1 down.  Now drag the 
    mouse and a temporary box will be displayed.  All breakpoints within the 
    box will be selected when the left mouse button is released.  An alternate 
    method is to use the shift button and the left mouse click at the same 
    time.  Do this and a temporary, closed figure is drawn.  Click with the 
    left mouse button to define its points.  When you are finished, click the 
    middle mouse button and all breakpoints within the defined figure will be 
    selected.  If unwanted points are inadvertently selected they may be 
    de-selected using single clicks of the left mouse button.  
  

  Create the breakpoint text message   
    
    The breakpoint text message may now be created using the TCA element in
    PGEN.  After a TCA has been created, select it and click on the "Create
    Text" button.  The text message will be created and displayed.  This may 
    be saved into a local file (the file name is displayed below the text 
    message).  Push the "Cancel" button  and the text will not be saved.


    Note that the text message expects to find a vg file containing the 
    previous TCA element (earlier advisory number) for the storm.  If that file
    is not present in the local directory then the text message will be 
    created as if the storm is new.
  

  Please note that in this release the internal structure of the TCA was 
  modified.  As a result, TCAs in 5.7.4 are incompatible with all previous 
  releases.  VG files from earlier NMAP2 versions should not be used.
  
